Previously
on Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS...
C'mon! Get 'im!
Ah!
(Knight of Hanoi)
It's a dead end.
(Playmaker)
You down there.
Take my hand.
You should stay
away from the Hanoi
for your own safety.
Well, that's not gonna happen!
I know those guys
are uber dangerous.
But if they're the ones who
are behind the Lost Incident...
I'll track 'em down forever!
(Playmaker)
Take my advice...
Log out and don't come back.
I may not be around next time
to save you.
(Knight of Hanoi)
You can't run, kid.
(Kolter)
Heads up!
(gasps)
Since we have a foe in common,
how about we help each other?
Maybe meet up when you
get back to the real world?
I know you told me to stay
out of LINK VRAINS,
but you know I can't do that cuz
I gotta help my brother Jin.
And I could sure use your help.
You watch my back,
and I'll watch yours.
I may not be a great duelist,
but you won't find a better
hacker or programmer anywhere.
(Yusaku)
Kolter, is it?
My name is Yusaku Fujiki.
Let's get to work.
♪♪♪
Wait!
Oh.
Ah!
Aah! Ah!
Hold on.
I'm gonna pull you up.
Hurry up.
My hand's slippin'!
(grunts)
(Kolter)
Looks like a bunch
of other duelists
weren't as lucky as me.
If it wasn't for your
super quick reflexes
I would've been skewered
worse than a campfire hotdog.
I'm sure that would not
have been enjoyable.
(Kolter)
No kiddin'.
What was this?
The third,
fourth trap we've run into?
(Playmaker)
Hmm.
Don't you mean
you've run into?
Got me there.
So like,
do you think it's worth it
to keep exploring this dungeon?
Don't forget that this
was actually your idea.
(Kolter)
Mmm.
(sighs)
(Yusuka)
No matter how many
Hanoi I defeat,
I feel no closer to learning
the truth
about the Lost Incident.
I get ya but we just
gotta keep on pushin' on.
Most of the Hanoi know nothing,
but some of 'em have to know
somethin' about somethin',
right?
The leaders
of the Hanoi must know,
but how do we ever find them?
Your guess is as good as mine.
Mm?
What's that you're
you're working on?
(Kolter)
Oh, this thing?
Just a lil' research
I was doing in the deep net.
You know
how the Knights of Hanoi
are hunting for Cyberse cards?
This site says there's
a secret dungeon in LINK VRAINS
that houses a deck full of 'em.
But who knows.
It's just a rumor.
(Yusaku)
But what if it's not
just a rumor?
Mm?
The Knights of Hanoi
would surely want to get
their hands on these cards.
So if we can get this deck
in our possession instead,
the Hanoi will come to us.
And not just any Hanoi.
For a deck this valuable
I believe their leaders would
personally want to hunt us down.
Let's go.
Ah.
R-Right.
(Kolter)
It's a dead end.
(Playmaker)
Perhaps...
But I find it
difficult to believe
that they would booby trap
a dead end.
(Kolter)
You sure?
You've been massaging
that wall a good ten minutes.
(sighs)
(Kolter)
Nice. Didn't doubt ya for a sec.
But surprise surprise...
another trap.
(Playmaker)
But I believe
it's the final one.
Look.
The deck must be
inside that coffer.
(Kolter)
But how are we supposed
to reach it?
(Knight of Hanoi)
Yes!
I've found the Cyberse Deck!
(laughing)
(Knight of Hanoi)
The Cyberse Deck
shall belong to the Hanoi!
(laughing)
It's just our luck
that the Hanoi's here too.
Actually...
this may turn out to be
a blessing in disguise.
We can learn
how this trap works.
Oh.
I see.
The final trap I have
to get past is a duel puzzle.
(laughing)
If this really is
a duel puzzle,
then the rules
are pretty easy.
You just have to win
the duel in one turn.
The rules may be simple,
but the actual
puzzle may not be.
I sure hope so cuz
if he solves this trap,
he's getting the Cyberse deck.
You're right.
But there's no point worrying
about things
that we cannot control.
What we can do is figure out
this puzzle ourselves...
in case the Hanoi
fails to solve it.
(Kolter)
But what's the point of that?
If he messes up,
he can just keep on trying
'til he gets the right answer.
Perhaps that's true.
But from what I've
seen of this dungeon...
I don't think
you get second chances.
(Kolter)
All right then,
let's break down this puzzle.
You're takin' on a ghost
who could use
a little more moisturizer.
And he has 4000 life points,
which is a lot of life
for someone who's not alive.
He has five monsters
on his field
that are Extra Linked,
meaning that they're
all linked together,
along with one facedown card.
And on our side,
we have two monsters
and two facedown cards.
We also have
three cards in our hand,
but I can't see
what they are from here...
Well, I think that's everything.
Let's see how this Hanoi
handles this.
(laughs)
I've solved the puzzle!
Watch!
First, I equip UPDATE JAMMER
with MEGAMORPH
to double its attack points!
When UPDATE JAMMER
destroys a monster in battle,
its special ability deals
1000 points of damage.
So if it attacks
your LINK SPIDER,
I'll deal 3000 points
of damage from the battle
and 1000
from the special ability,
which equals all 4000
of your life points!
He figured it out!
What a joke.
This was too easy.
UPDATE JAMMER!
Attack LINK SPIDER!
Wha--?
CHAOS BURST?
By tributing a monster,
that trap destroys my monster
and deals 1000 points of damage!
I didn't know he had that trap.
But now that I do,
there's no way that I'm going
to fall for it a second time.
What should I do instead?
Maybe I should attack
that other monster first...
But if I do...
What's this?
Oh!
(screaming)
Ah?
As I thought...
Like the other traps,
you only get one shot
to solve it.
Oh man,
what a way to go out.
Not in a hail of glory,
but as a teeny
tiny appetizer.
I hate to be a downer...
But the same thing'll
happen to you if you lose.
It is a risk that we must take
if we ever want to possess
that Cyberse Deck.
And we've come too far
to back down now.
Let's go.
Time to duel.
Here I go!
I draw!
For this puzzle,
the four cards in my hand
are TREMENDOUS FIRE,
THUNDER CRASH, MEGAMORPH
and CYBERSE GADGET.
Along with two facedown cards,
I have two monsters on my field:
UPDATE JAMMER and SEA ARCHIVER.
And my facedown cards
are LINK RESTART
and TORRENTIAL REBORN.
Remember to look at everything!
Don't forget to check your deck
and your graveyard too!
I have DOTSCAPER
in my graveyard...
And I have three
Link Monsters in my Extra Deck:
SECURE GARDNA,
BINARY SORCERESS
and PROXY DRAGON.
I have 100 life points.
He has 4000.
And like last time,
his five Link Monsters
are all Extra Linked.
The Knight of Hanoi chose
to attack with UPDATE JAMMER
because it has
two powerful abilities.
During damage calculation,
it can not only negate
all other card effects,
but it can also deal
1000 points of damage
if it destroys a monster.
But we both know
how that turned out.
What a joke.
UPDATE JAMMER!
Attack LINK SPIDER!
Hmm?
I don't get it.
If UPDATE JAMMER negates
all other card effects,
then how was CHAOS BURST
able to use its effect?
Because of timing.
You see the ghost
activated CHAOS BURST
right when
UPDATE JAMMER attacked.
Since an attack occurs
before damage is calculated,
UPDATE JAMMER's special
ability never triggered.
That's being nitpicky.
No, that's knowing
the rules.
Mmm.
Well... you say toma-toe,
I say toma-toh.
But knowing
these subtleties are key.
Cause this is a tough one.
Well I find it helpful when
you break it down step by step.
Starting with this:
Can you deal damage
without using any monsters?
I have three cards
that can do that.
TREMENDOUS FIRE,
THUNDER CRASH
and TORRENTIAL REBORN.
TREMENDOUS FIRE lets you
deal 1000 points of damage,
but you'll take 500 also.
And since you only have
100 life points to play with,
you can go ahead
and rule that spell card out.
That would leave
these two cards.
Hmm.
THUNDER CRASH is a spell
that destroys all my monsters
and deals 300 points
of damage for each one.
While TORRENTIAL REBORN
is a trap
that revives my monsters
from my graveyard
and deals 500 points of damage
for each of those monsters.
But to activate
TORRENTIAL REBORN,
I need
a Water Attribute monster,
which I do have in SEA ARCHIVER.
But how can you deal
4000 points of damage
with just those two cards?
The math just
doesn't add up.
Maybe it does...
Did Playmaker
solve the puzzle?
Or did he zonk it?
Think logically, AI.
If Playmaker failed
to solve the puzzle,
we wouldn't be here
to have this conversation,
would we?
Shees!
Spoiler alert.
Actually...
It wasn't that easy.
(Playmaker)
First, I summon CYBERSE GADGET!
Due to my GADGET's
special ability,
I am allowed to summon
a Level 2 or lower monster
from my graveyard
in defense mode.
Come on out, DOTSCAPER!
Now, I'll use it
to create my circuit!
In order to Link Summon...
I require
two non-Token monsters.
I Link Summon Link 2
BINARY SORCERESS!
Since CYBERSE GADGET
was sent to the graveyard,
its special ability activates,
summoning one GADGET TOKEN.
Next,
DOTSCAPER's ability activates!
When it's sent to the graveyard,
it can resummon itself!
(Kolter)
Nice!
Now you got five monsters
on your field!
That means you can
use THUNDER CRASH
and TORRENTIAL REBORN
to deal enough damage
to win this duel!
Actually, I'm going to-
(mocking laugh)
(Kolter)
Huh?
That won't work.
Because TORRENTIAL REBORN
can't resurrect a TOKEN.
But you've given me enough clues
to solve this puzzle.
Another Hanoi?
Aww c'mon!
Now step away.
Before I send you
plunging into the abyss!
Oh no ya won't!
(grunts)
Wait, what are you doing?
(Knight of Hanoi)
Let me go!
Ah!
Huh?
Hey, are you okay?
I'm good.
But I'm not sure how long
this chain will hold him.
Long enough.
You sure?
Hanoi part two said that trap
won't win ya the duel.
And he is right.
Well,
actually he is only half right.
But that's why I already had
a different move in mind.
I Link Summon Link 2
PROXY DRAGON!
Next I'll set BINARY SORCERESS
in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon again!
Link 1 SECURE GARDNA!
(chuckles)
You sure messed up!
That isn't the way
you solve the duel puzzle!
(gasps)
(Knight of Hanoi)
(laughing)
You can't win if you have
fewer monsters than before!
And you have
no monsters left to summon!
Yeah.
I hate to admit it
but this bozo's right.
(Playmaker)
Is he now?
Ah?
Do you remember
what you told me earlier?
You said to break down
this puzzle step by step.
Since all those individual steps
have led us to this moment,
this must be
the correct direction.
Hey, you're right.
I got so caught up
on how it didn't look
like it was working
that I forgot
that it was working.
And I know you're gonna make
the rest of this work too!
Here goes!
I activate... TREMENDOUS FIRE!
You take 1000 points of damage
while I take 500!
Great work, genius!
You dropped your own
life points to 0!
Aww no!
And..
I also activate my trap card
LINK RESTART!
It negates any damage
I would take
from TREMENDOUS FIRE!
(Kolter)
Aww he has one too!
It also re-summons
one Link Monster
from my graveyard.
BINARY SORCERESS!
You're back to five monsters!
Now's the time to activate
my spell THUNDER CRASH!
It destroys
all five of my monsters
and deals you 300 points
of damage for each of them.
That's a total of 1500 points!
2500 life points left to go!
Since my SEA ARCHIVER
was just destroyed,
I'm allowed to activate
my trap card TORRENTIAL REBORN!
It resurrects all my monsters
that were just destroyed,
and you take 500 points
of damage for each monster!
That's 2500 points of damage...
which is exactly the same amount
of life points you have left!
(Kolter)
The deck's right there!
(grunting)
C'mon will you budge?
Quick! Let's move!
Ah!
Hold it!
We did it.
Let's get this deck
and ditch this crypt!
Aah!
(gasps)
Ha!
Seems the deck
was nothing but a hoax.
(laughing)
We went and risked our lives
for nothing, dude?
Not cool, man!
(Playmaker)
This place is collapsing.
We need to log out.
(Kolter)
I'm done taking
wild goose chases
for a lifetime.
(Yusaku)
Are you sure?
How about taking
one last one?
(Kolter)
Uh, if you mean taking
a long walk off a short pier,
that's a hard no.
(Yusaku)
Just follow me.
We're here.
(Kolter)
Here where?
I've been doing some thinking...
Since the Cyberse Deck
wasn't in the dungeon,
what if that duel puzzle
wasn't the final puzzle?
When I solved the duel,
the play field formed
a unique layout.
A layout which looked like
a specific district in Den City.
The one we're
walking in right now.
I believe that
this map will point us
to the location
of the hidden deck.
But how do you know
where we're supposed to go?
I didn't see a big
neon X on the map
saying X marks the spot.
The precise location of the deck
was actually hidden
within the duel itself.
Think back to the duel, Kolter.
Do you remember what happened
when I summoned a Link Monster?
(Kolter)
Yeah.
A pillar would rise up
showing that those
Link Monsters are connected.
That's right.
But when I summoned
SECURE GARDNA
a pillar didn't rise
to link those two cards.
The pillar only rose
at the very end of the duel
when the puzzle was solved
and every Link Monster
on the field
was connected to each other.
As if to say that SECURE GARDNA
was the final key.
So now back here
in the real world,
the location on the map where
I summoned SECURE GARDNA...
is here.
(gasping)
This coffer sure doesn't look
like a hologram this time!
I've never seen some of these
Cyberse cards before.
And I'm sure
neither have the Hanoi.
They will come after us
in full force to destroy them.
And we'll be waiting.
Looks like our partnership's
off to a rip roarin' start!
(AI)
Aww, if I had tear ducts
I'd be crying right now.
Now I understand why
your Cyberse Deck is so unique.
Yeah.
(AI)
Ah?
Too bad Yusaku's not here
to add to the story.
Hmm.
He doesn't need to be.
(Shima)
I know your secret, Yusaku.
I know... that you're Playmaker!
Heh!
But you look nuthin' like him!
But Playmaker's sidekick here
will help you out
with some styling tips!
Some styling tips?
Yeah, for my costume party?
Ahh...
I heard thru the grapevine
that you're dressin'
up as Playmaker!
So flash!
It's like my best friends
in both the real
and virtual worlds
are fusing into one!
(laughs)
But I won't spoil your surprise
if ya fill out
my invitations for me!
Huh!?
Where'd he go?
Yusaku!
The real Playmaker
woulda helped me out!
(Kolter)
Yusaku doesn't
need to sit around here
and add to the story
because he's still
writing it to this day.
And I don't know
what the final chapter will be,
but those first few pages
set the stage for everything.
(Knight of Hanoi)
No!
Who are you?
What do you want?
My name is Playmaker.
And I'm going to put an end
to the Knights of Hanoi!